README.md, before:

![Android cover](https://coverfiles.alphacoders.com/420/42029.jpg)
# Sample projects for quick references

## Feel free to contribute and support. Lets grow together. 💚

## Samples
1. [Dagger2](https://github.com/Sreedev/SampleApplications/tree/master/Dagger2Sample)
2. [MVVP with Dagger and Rxjava](https://github.com/Sreedev/SampleApplications/tree/master/MVVPwithDaggerRxJSample)



### Created & Maintained By
[Sreedev](https://twitter.com/Sreedevr5) ([www.thelifeimprovised.com](http://www.thelifeimprovised.com/))

License
=======

    Copyright 2019 Sreedev

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Bumping master to version 1.0.0 (#9)
* Updated readme.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* - Exported dependencies to a single root file. Now we can manage the versions of all the libs at one place.

* Update README.md

* Added setup 

-Added setup

* - Added new project for firebase integrations

* - Designed xml layout

* - Changed structure
- Added Navigation graph
- Added list vie

* E-mail authentication and verification completed🥰📧

* Added firebase link to read me

* Added read me for Firebase Integration project

README.md, after:

![Android cover](https://coverfiles.alphacoders.com/420/42029.jpg)

This is a repo which intent to keep maximum sample Android projects done in both Java and Kotlin for learning porpose and for quick reference. This is an open source project and anyone is free and more than welcome to contribute. Happy coding :)

# "All in one place" - Android sample projects

### Star this repo, contribute and make this a happy place :). Lets grow together. 💚

## Samples
1. [Dagger2](https://github.com/Sreedev/SampleApplications/tree/develop/Dagger2Sample)
2. [MVVP with Dagger and Rxjava](https://github.com/Sreedev/SampleApplications/tree/develop/MVVPwithDaggerRxJSample)
3. [recyclerviewwithkotlin](https://github.com/Sreedev/androidappsamples/tree/develop/recyclerviewwithkotlin)
4. [FirebaseIntegrations](https://github.com/Sreedev/androidappsamples/tree/develop/firebaseIntegrations)

## Setup.
> 1. Create a new folder.
> 2. Copy and paste the dependencies.gradle from the rool project folder in repo in the new folder.
> 3. Copy you project and paste it in that folder.
> 4. Make sure your project app/gradle and root/gradle looks like one in the projects in the repository.
> 5. Build your project.
> 6. Make sure you maintain the correct versions like all other projects in he repo.


## Pull requests.
> 1. Clone the project.
> 1. Make a feature or bugfix from develop branch and do all the changes in your branch.
> 1. Pull requests should be raised against develop branch.
> 2. Approval from one of the owners is mandatory to merge it to develop.
> 3. [feature or bugfix]/[name of change] should be the format of PR title.
> 4. Adding a short desc in the PR will be really helpful.
> 5. Make sure your branch is ahead before merging it develop branch, even after approvals.

## Created & Maintained By
[Sreedev](http://www.thelifeimprovised.com/)<br />
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/sreedevr5?label=sreedev&style=social)](https://twitter.com/Sreedevr5)<br />
Feel free to DM me in twitter for any queries.

License
=======

    Copyright 2019 Sreedev

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
